Add OCI connection type ootb info (#86)
opendatahub-io/architecture-decision-records: documentation/components/dashboard/features/connections.md

The `storageUri` path is queried for the model and installed into the pod that is associated to your deployment.

> Note: The `storageUri` field is an overloaded one in the KServe documentation and can have wider implications for usage. Anything that 

#### OCI Model Cars Connection

> Pulling a model from an authenticated OCI container registry

> OCI is only supported one KServe single model serving deployments. Additionally, the image must be in a "Modelcar" format specified by KServe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OCI is only supported on KServe single model serving deployments. Additionally, the image must be in a "Modelcar" format specified by KServe.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: serving.kserve.io/v1beta1
kind: InferenceService
metadata:
  name: model-example-using-oci
  # ...other properties
spec:
  predictor:
    imagePullSecrets:
      - name: oci-connection
    # ...other properties
    model:
      # ...other properties
      storageUri: 'oci://quay.io/someregistry/image:tag'
```

The `imagePullSecrets` points to the OCI connection.

> The `storageUri` path start with `oci://` and point to an image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `storageUri` path starts with `oci://` and points to an image.
```

The `storageUri` path is queried for the model and installed into the pod that is associated to your deployment.

> Note: The `storageUri` field is an overloaded one in the KServe documentation and can have wider implications for usage. Anything that 

#### OCI Model Cars Connection

> Pulling a model from an authenticated OCI container registry

OCI is only supported on KServe single model serving deployments. Additionally, the image must be in a Modelcar[^Modelcar] format specified by KServe.

```yaml
apiVersion: serving.kserve.io/v1beta1
kind: InferenceService
metadata:
  name: model-example-using-oci
  # ...other properties
spec:
  predictor:
    imagePullSecrets:
      - name: oci-connection
    # ...other properties
    model:
      # ...other properties
      storageUri: 'oci://quay.io/someregistry/image:tag'
```

The `imagePullSecrets` points to the OCI connection.

The `storageUri` path starts with `oci://` and points to an image.

> [^Modelcar]: https://kserve.github.io/website/latest/modelserving/storage/oci/#prepare-an-oci-image-with-model-data

Reviewer 2: Well isn't that neat... 

<img width="1223" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51682d44-e94c-493b-914f-1b70ea9d54f6" />
